[docs] Add automatic vale check (#5429)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/api-object/api-object.md

```

:::warning

> Various plugins of the grid populate the API object during the first render of the component.

Reviewer: This is a good example of a grammatical "edge case" where the passive voice makes sense—as I understand in context, we want to emphasize "the API object." I would just replace the future tense "will be" with "is."

```suggestion
The API object is populated by the various plugins of the grid during the first render of the component
```
